PMM-12451 MongoDB explain. (#3152)
percona/pmm: docs/release-notes/2.43.0.md

 
 While these vulnerabilities did not directly impact PMM's core functionality, fixing them enhanced the overall security of the PMM Server environment. 

- [PMM-12451](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-12451) and [PMM-13017](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-13017)  - Fix issue with parsing JSON objects into correct data types. Aligning `explain` functionality with the official client.

> - [PMM-13071](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-13071) - Fix issue with unsupported explain type - `INSERT`. You will get a message that `INSERT` is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PMM-13071](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-13071) -  The **Explain** tab on the Query Analytics (QAN) page now properly handles unsupported MongoDB query types. For operations like `INSERT`, which don’t support explain functionality, you will now see a clear message saying that the operation is not explainable. This replaces the previous, confusing error message about duplicate BSON fields, offering more accurate feedback in QAN.
```
